README.md, before:

# Wish Engine

## About

Wish Engine is a (for now) 2D game engine coded in C++ using (for now as well since later on I want to make my own multimedia API) the SDL2 Library.
The engine itself is my last college project and its a modular entity component system, right now isn't possible but in the future I hope to implement a way 
to add systems and components through dlls since right now each time you want to add a system you have to compile the engine.

It works on Linux and Windows, I haven't tested it on Mac since I don't have access to one. It's also free software so feel free to do whatever you want with 
the code.

## Important Stuffs Log

### 01/01/2018

This is the first day of the year as well as the first commit for this project, even though I've been working on it for around a month and a half, so 
progress is far, right now I have the basic graphics, inputs, sound, collision, animation, scripting and timer, having physics on the work and networking,
lets say... started (?). I'll keep updating more the repository since I've already created it I won't feel lazy to do it anymore, I'll be adding documentation,
probably making a github page with the classes and everything like unity has, example games when I develop them, configuration files structures since you need 
to make them yourself because there's no editor :(, and more. Anyway, thank you for reading, I hope you find this project useful and if you have any recomendation 
on how to make documentation better and those things, please let me know.

Commit message:

Gamepad support added and File I/O change.
Sigh.

README.md, after:

# Wish Engine

## About

Wish Engine is a (for now) 2D game engine coded in C++ using (for now as well since later on I want to make my own multimedia API) the SDL2 Library.
The engine itself is my last college project and its a modular entity component system, right now isn't possible but in the future I hope to implement a way 
to add systems and components through dlls since right now each time you want to add a system you have to compile the engine.

It works on Linux and Windows, I haven't tested it on Mac since I don't have access to one. It's also free software so feel free to do whatever you want with 
the code.

## Important Stuffs Log

### 19/01/2018

Had to change the file I/O because I can't have it as template methods since C++ won't let me get a whole line spaces included similar to how ">>" gets a single
data. Now I have a method for each important type, int (you can store bools with this as well), double and string. I guess I could add char as well, but int can
be used for that right now, I'll think about it.
Also finished the input detection in the framework and now you can use game pads and stuff!

### 01/01/2018

This is the first day of the year as well as the first commit for this project, even though I've been working on it for around a month and a half, so 
progress is far, right now I have the basic graphics, inputs, sound, collision, animation, scripting and timer, having physics on the work and networking,
lets say... started (?). I'll keep updating more the repository since I've already created it I won't feel lazy to do it anymore, I'll be adding documentation,
probably making a github page with the classes and everything like unity has, example games when I develop them, configuration files structures since you need 
to make them yourself because there's no editor :(, and more. Anyway, thank you for reading, I hope you find this project useful and if you have any recomendation 
on how to make documentation better and those things, please let me know.
